docs: adds ExitStack alternative to future_style.md (#3247)
psf/black: docs/the_black_code_style/future_style.md

Although when the target version is Python 3.9 or higher, _Black_ will use parentheses
instead since they're allowed in Python 3.9 and higher.

> An alternative to consider if the backslashes in the above formatting is undesirable is to use [`contextlib.ExitStack`](https://docs.python.org/3.9/library/contextlib.html#contextlib.ExitStack) to combine context managers in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative to consider if the backslashes in the above formatting is undesirable is to use {external:py:obj}`contextlib.ExitStack` to combine context managers in the following way:
```
Let's use intersphinx to avoid hardcoding the URL.

Author: Love it, and I didn't know that was a thing.  Thank you!

Reviewer: Yeah [intersphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/intersphinx.html) is pretty awesome. We currently only have it set up to pull down the object inventory file[^1] for CPython's docs, but that's already useful :)

[^1]: If you didn't know, Sphinx exports a file that contains all of the "objects" like documents, headers, and even API functions, classes, and names if configured to do so.

Although when the target version is Python 3.9 or higher, _Black_ will use parentheses
instead since they're allowed in Python 3.9 and higher.

> An alternative to consider if the backslashes in the above formatting is undesirable is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An alternative to consider if the backslashes in the above formatting are undesirable is
```
"Backslashes" is a plural
